[App] Introduce Commands (#13602)
Lightning-AI/lightning: src/lightning_app/CHANGELOG.md

> # Changelog

Reviewer: 🥳

### Added

> - Add support for `Lightning App Commands` through the `configure_commands` hook on the Lightning Flow and the `ClientCommand`  ([#13602](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/13602))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add support for `Lightning App Commands` through the `configure_commands` hook on the Lightning Flow and the `ClientCommand`  ([#13602](https://github.com/Lightning-AI/lightning/pull/13602))
```
